Update css functions list (#37495)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/css_functions/index.md

- {{CSSxRef("calc", "calc()")}}
  - : Performs basic arithmetic calculations on numerical values.
- {{CSSxRef("calc-size", "calc-size()")}}

>   - : Perform calculations on intrinsic size values such as `auto`, `fit-content`, and `max-content` which not supported by the regular `calc()` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Perform calculations on intrinsic size values such as `auto`, `fit-content`, and `max-content`, which are not supported by the `calc()` function.
```

  - : Accepts an SVG path string to enable a shape to be drawn.
- {{CSSxRef("basic-shape/shape", "shape()")}}
  - : Accepts a comma-separated list of commands defining the shape to be drawn.
- {{CSSxRef("ray", "ray()")}}

>   - : Defines the `offset-path` line segment that an animated element can follow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - : Valid with `offset-path` only, it defines the line segment an animated element can follow.
```

- {{cssxref("anchor-size", "anchor-size()")}}
  - : Returns a length relative to the size of the associated anchor element.

> ## Motion path functions

Reviewer: basic shapes functions are also motion path functions. Thinking this may be good as a subsection of shape functions..
